DAWN PLAYER INSTALLER

1. Extract the entire release ZIP into a new folder (for example, Downloads).
2. Close Destiny 2.
3. Double-click Install-Dawn.cmd.
4. Enter your existing game folder: the folder containing destiny2.exe.

Requires Destiny 2 version 86657.20.08.23.1800.d2_rc and Windows PowerShell 5.1
or newer. No compiler, Python, separate Lua installation, or source code needed.
This is an update for an existing game installation; the game is not included.

The installer replaces both steam_api64.dll copies and the two Dawn runtime
folders as one release. Old mission scripts and event presets are removed from
the active Dawn folders. It copies your existing player database (including any
SQLite sidecars), identity file, HUD/movement/player preferences, and event choices.
Existing settings version 6 is supported. Existing values are retained, missing
defaults added, and shipped mission arrival entries updated. Unrelated custom
arrival entries are kept. Unsupported or damaged settings stop installation.

Your old Sunrise/Restoration folders stay intact. Previous Dawn folders and DLLs
are backed up under <game>\.dawn\release-backups. Nothing launches automatically.
Caches are generated by the game, so first launch can take longer.

If more than one player runtime exists and it cannot identify the active one,
the installer stops before making changes. In PowerShell, choose it explicitly:

  .\Install-Dawn.ps1 -GameRoot 'C:\Your Game' -SourceRuntime Sunrise

Supported source names: Dawn, Sunrise, Restoration, bin/x64/Dawn,
bin/x64/Sunrise, bin/x64/Restoration. Select the one containing your current saves.

Preview without changing the game:
  .\Install-Dawn.ps1 -GameRoot 'C:\Your Game' -WhatIf

Restore the most recent installation (close the game first):
  .\Install-Dawn.ps1 -GameRoot 'C:\Your Game' -Restore

To restore a specific backup, also pass -BackupPath followed by its full path.
Rollback keeps displaced Dawn files, including progress made since installation,
in that backup's after-restore folder. Keep these files if you need that progress.
Do not delete a backup while installation or recovery is in progress.

Only run release bundles from a trusted publisher. The manifest checks that its
payload matches; it is not a digital signature proving who published the bundle.
